hey there guys give me here from skinny
6 gaming coming to you with a pretty
sick map this one's really kind of made
me feel like this is astounding I call
this one ender maze it's called
adventure maze but I think those are the
names of the guys who did it but we
can't write read it but let's go over
there and to check the signs out so
storyline today you embark on a journey
the journey starts off with you in a
maze in the maze is your keys to your
survival once you have found all the
keys you must your way you must find
your way to the temple where you use the
keys to open a portal where you'll find
the dragon once you defeat the dragon
you will finally be free be tough but I
believe in you I'm not going to read the
rest find the keys fight the dragon you
guys could download the map if you want
don't forget as well the download link
for this map is in the description below
you could go ahead and click on there
let's check it out game retaining check
out youtube special thanks to Allah
shocker and ghosts and go to game
retaining on YouTube make sure to
subscribe if you enjoyed this custom map
so I'm just gonna go on the sky kind of
look this thing's pretty badass game
retaining good little pixel art jammer
we got a little logo over there bfg we
got ender maze so let's get down here
cuz this is a pretty cool bill guys I'm
gonna go over here what's this Player to
Player 10 I just take the boat actually
no I want some arrows too let's just get
this arrows out but seems like it's
going to be a pretty cool map Oh what's
going on use these towers to help
navigate the maze use it ender chest to
save items take the ender chest die
because you could have items saved up
that you could so the last thing this
maze might be the hardest mace ever so
please don't try to rage or hate on the
map okay damn map it is so hard look at
this man it is pitch black I can't even
see if there was a hallway there that's
pretty crazy it's not that bad actually
I could still kind of see
but this is a pretty cool guys there's a
lot of people looking for fun maze maps
I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna rage
cuz I can't find my way but how about I
just fly in the sky and give you guys
kind of an overlook of it you know I'm
gonna do I'm gonna go ahead and I'm
gonna throw a bed down imma throw bed
down so you guys could see the maze from
above this isn't really uh I'm not here
to play the game i'm here to show you
guys so let's throw this bed down i know
it's not gonna let me sleep because of
this douche bag right there I mean dbag
and we'll go over here and let's put
this bed down hopefully it'll let me
perfect once we wake up we're just going
to go for a fly around because this
looks like a huge maze oh my god there's
no way I'm gonna find my way out of it
and there's no way so let's get up here
and let's check it out bang so let's see
there's some stuff on top kind of gets
you little monster love and we got a
little bit of what's this right here a
little bit of a signature and let's go
down here purty cool let's get the
potion the night potion on potion let's
go over here and guzzled although a holy
cow this is an epic maze guys pretty
damn epic Wow let's go back here we even
have a little area here I wonder what's
in there let's bust it up and it looks
like hey let's trade with him he offers
a emerald for coal we don't want that
let's go down here and bust our way out
but you found this is kind of like one
of the locations where you're going to
be happy to get out and we've got some
water and part of the maze this is a
pretty cool maze good job to the guys
who made this I'm just gonna bust this
bad boy up see that's the best part of
our plan amazing creative never get lost
so look at the huge kind of area little
towers will help you out you know along
the way you could jump up
come check it out we got some mobs in
here so we're gonna have to watch out
let's check out what's in here whoa and
then in the end you go and fight that
basically the goal is to come here fight
the end dragon once you get that done
let's see what's in this ender chest
right here no nothing but and there you
go guys I'm going to give you guys an
overhead view before I go don't forget
the link for this download is just in
the description below I bet you this is
hella fun to play with your friends for
sure but good job by these guys this
suckers a massive map I could only
imagine how long it would have taken to
make this map X ghosts game retaining
props to you guys as usual this is a
super dome map don't forget guys as well
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
if you like this video I literally have
over a hundred map reviews as well as
smash that like it'll help my channel
grow if you show some support and i'll
catch you on the next video